I gotten the chance to interact with, uh, uh,
this Matthew Johnson from Johnson Hopkins.
He's doing this large scale study of psychedelics it's,
it's becoming more and more.
I've gotten a chance to interact with that community of scientists working on
psychedelics. But because of that, that opened the door to me, to all these, uh,
what do they call psychs? The people who, like you said, the 10% who, like,
I don't care.
I don't know if there's a science behind this.
I'm taking this spaceship to mm-hmm <affirmative> if I'm be the first on Mars,
I'll be, uh, the, you know, you know,
psychedelics interesting in the sense that in another dimension, uh,
like you said, it's a way to explore the, the limits of the human mind.
Like, what is this thing capable of doing?
Cause you kind of like when you dream, you detach it.
I don't know exactly in neuroscience of it,
but you detach your like reality from
what your mind,
the images your mind is able to conjure up and your mind goes into weird places
and like entities appear somehow Freud and type of like,
trauma's probably connected in there somehow,
but you start to have like these weird vivid worlds.
That like, so do you actively dream? Do you, do you, why not?
I have like six, six hours of dreams and night. It's like real useful time. I.
Know I don't, I haven't, uh, I, I don't for somebody, I just knock out and, uh,
I have sometimes like anxiety inducing, kind of like very pragmatic,
like nightmare type of dreams. Mm-hmm <affirmative> but not nothing fun.
Nothing, nothing fun, nothing fun. I, I try, I,
I unfortunately have mostly have fun. I, in, uh, the waking world,
which is very limited in the amount of money you can happen. <laugh>.
It's not that limited either. Yeah. That's well, we'll have to talk <laugh>.
Yeah, I need instructions. Uh.
Yeah. Well, there's like a manual for that. You might wanna <laugh>.
I looked it up. I'll ask Elon. What, uh, what did you dream.
No years ago? And I, I read about, you know, like, you know,
a book about how to have, you know, become aware in your dreams. I,
I worked on it for a while. Like, there's this trick about, you know,
imagine you can see your hands and look out and, and I got somewhat good at it.
Like, but my, mostly when I'm thinking about things, working on problems,
I, I, I prep self before I go to sleep. It's like, I,
I pull into my mind all the things I wanna work on or think about.
And then that let's say greatly improves the chance is that I'll,
I'll work on that while I'm sleeping. And then, and then I also,
you know, basically ask to remember it
and I often remember very detailed within.
The dream. Yeah. Or outside the dream.
Well, to bring it up in, in my dreaming. And then to remember it,
when I wake up, it's just, it's more of a meditative practice.
You say, you know, to prepare yourself to do that.
Like, if you go to, you know, the sleep still,
naing your teeth about some random thing that happened that you're not that
really interested in. You'll dream about it. That's really interesting maybe,
but, but you direct your dreams somewhat by prepping.
Yeah. I'm gonna have to try that. It's really interesting.
Like the most important, the interesting, not like, uh, what,
what did this guy send an email kind of like stupid worry stuff,
but like fundamental problems you're actually concerned.
About. Yeah. Prepping and interesting things you're worried about are,
or are books you're reading or, you know,
some great kind conversation you had or some, some adventure you wanna have,
like, there's, there's a lot of space there. And,
and, and it seems to work that, you know,
my percentage of interesting dreams and memories went up, I.